[BOTH PANTING]
[WHOOPING]
Oh, yeah!
[WOMAN] Okay, you're great.
You got the line?
Yeah. Come on up, slow poke.
[PANTING]
[SCREAMING]
Help!
You okay? You know, we're
50 miles from anybody.
Who are you screaming for?
You.
Come on.
Just pull me up!
Rich?
Just pull me up.
All right, don't be a
dick, Richie. I need a pull.
Rich?
[GASPS]
What...
[WHIMPERING]
[SCREAMING]
[SCREAMS]
[MAN LAUGHING MANIACALLY]
[WHIMPERING]
[SCREAMS]
[SCREAMING]
[RADIO STATIC]
[MAN 1 ON RADIO] When you plant a seed
into your own kin, you anger God.
[MAN 2] ...still have not been
able to locate the two missing.
Bluefield State College students
Richard Stoker and Halley Smith
have been missing since last Monday
after failing to return
from a weekend of rock
[HALLOWEEN PLAYING]
[SINGING] There's a place
you might wanna go.
It's right up my street.
You might look
and see the light shining
[SIREN WAILING]
It's Halloween.
He said
[TURNS OFF ENGINE]
[CAR HORNS HONKING]
[COUNTRY MUSIC
PLAYING ON RADIO]
[GASPS]
Hey. How are you doing?
Do you have any idea
what's going on up here?
Tractor jackknifed
about five mile up.
Spilled chemicals and
shit all over the road.
Any idea how long
it'll take to clean up?
Couple hours.
Couple hours?
You in a hurry?
Yeah. I need to get
to Raleigh tonight.
What you ought to do
is get back in your car...
Mmm-hmm.
Fix your hair a couple
hundred more times...
Thank you.
[CAR HORN HONKING]
Hey, Doris. This is Chris Flynn.
I have a 7:00 p.m.
interview with Mr. Keller.
I'm running about
30 minutes late.
[PHONE BEEPS] I was
wondering if you could...
Hello? Hello?
I'm not gonna make this.
[GRUNTS IN FRUSTRATION]
Excuse me, sir.
Do you have a pay phone?
This one's not working. Do you
have another phone I could use?
Long distance?
What isn't long distance
from here, right?
You cutting wise with me, son?
No, sir, I'm just... I'm running behind,
and I really need to make a call.
That one there is my only phone.
Right.
Well, the highway's
really jammed up.
Do you know of another
route heading south?
No. No.
Why is this Bear Mountain
Road dotted like this?
Dirt. Dirt road?
Afraid they ain't got
around to paving it yet.
It looks like it runs into the highway
about 15, 20 miles. Is that right?
If you say so.
It could work.
Thank you very much.
You take care, okay?
You're the one that
gonna need to take care.
[IF ONLY PLAYING]
[SINGING] If it gets you down,
well, I don't want it.
I don't want it
[TRACK SKIPPING]
Only, if only.
Only was nothing at all
[PANTING]
[EVAN] We just got nailed, man!
[SCOTT] Jesus Christ!
[FRANCINE] Shit!
Goddamn drunk ass hill-billy!
Hey-Hey, you all right?
I'm so sorry. I just...
[SCOTT] Yeah.
Jesus. I was just
coming around the bend.
I didn't even see...
I got distracted.
My God, you could've died!
Are you guys all okay?
Yeah, yeah. You wanna sit down?
You might be in a state
of shock or something.
What the hell were you doing
driving so god-damn fast for?
All right, all right.
Why was your truck parked
in the middle of the road?
Because we blew out
our tires, asshole!
Hey, look, I'll pay for
whatever damage was done...
You're damn right you're gonna pay.
That's my mom's oar.
All right, Frannie.
The man said he'd pay for...
Looks like you killed
my bike here, too.
I'm sorry. I... How did
you blow out your tires?
Someone left some barbed wire
in the middle of the road.
I can't believe someone
just dropped it there.
Nobody dropped anything.
I just found this tied to a tree
back there. Somebody did this.
[SCOTT] Southern hospitality
at its finest.
[FRANCINE] Redneck ass holes.
Look, I'm gonna go
try and find a phone.
I think I saw a gas station
like a couple miles back.
I'm gonna come with you.
There is no phone.
I was just there.
Look, why don't we just wait for
someone else to come along?
What, like Speed Racer here?
[FRANCINE] Look,
I'm not going anywhere.
Okay, you guys go, and, I don't know,
we'll just stay here, Francine, and...
[JESSIE] And get high.
[EVAN] Yeah. So what?
[SCOTT] Careful.
They don't like stoners.
[FRANCINE] Who are you
calling a stoner?
Your mom.
Hey, what's your name?
Chris Flynn.
You hurt, Chris Flynn?
No, I'm fine. Good.
'Cause you're the mule.
[SCOTT] Oh, no.
You know, I can carry that. You just
had the whole car accident thing.
[FRANCINE] Yeah, we'll just stay
here and maybe get hit again.
[JESSIE] Are you guys
sure you're cool?
[EVAN] Yeah.
Yeah, we'll be just fine.
Thank you.
Bet you will.
Yeah, smoke it up there, Skippy.
[LAUGHS]
Yeah, have fun.
[SCOTT] I don't fucking
believe this.
Your mom's gonna kick your ass.
God, I cannot get it out of
my head what just happened.
Are you sure
you're all right? Yeah?
Yeah. I'm fine.
What are you guys
doing out here?
Camping. I don't know.
Actually, we're lost.
You know, a lot of people say,
who have been through similar
traumatic experiences,
that the following moments kind of feel
like you're moving kind of in slow motion.
Do you feel like that? No.
I should tell you that my voice
is fairly low in normal speed.
[LAUGHS]
[EVAN] Pretty good.
[FRANCINE COUGHS]
[FRANCINE] Where'd you get this?
I got it out of my
dad's room, actually.
You can finish it.
[EVAN] I can't believe
they called us stoners.
Dick heads.
[CARLY] Are you sure you know
where we're going?
[CHRIS] Yeah. There was
a map at the gas station.
[CARLY] I'm so tired already. I'm
starving, and I'm being eaten by ants.
Are there any on my back?
No, nothing there.
Hey-ho! I call it, squirrel.
Well, you said you
were hungry, Carly.
I don't think it's a squirrel.
It's a mink.
Really? How do you know?
Probably ran over it.
In medical school, they make
you work on animal cadavers
before you get to
the real thing.
It's a mink.
[SCOTT] It's a mink?
I need to be in Raleigh by 7:00.
Mmm. Better get a move on, then.
You know, we should have
just taken her to New York.
No. You know how she
loves this outdoor stuff.
Yeah.
If you ask me, though,
nature sucks.
Well, the next time she gets dumped,
we'll take her to New York.
Drop your pants.
What?
When do people
always show up, Evan?
What are we doing?
Consider it an experiment
in probability theory.
Really?
I love you.
I know.
Now get them trousers
off, boy. Don't be a sissy.
All right.
[SCOTT] You know, baby, I've been
thinking about this whole wedding thing,
and I think we should
take a trip down to Mexico.
I'm talking about
a long weekend, margaritas,
the two of us on
a beach alone, sunset.
And, you know, I'm talking
about just, just eloping.
You know what I mean?
Okay. Wait a second.
You wanna know what I think?
Yes, please.
I think if you ever want
to get in my pants again...
Affirmative.
That's the last time
you use the "E" word.
Okay? Okay.
Yeah, it's a disgusting word.
Hey, guys, hold on.
Hey, is anyone up there?
Hello!
There must be people nearby.
Anyone up there?
Somebody had to start it.
Let's keep moving.
Hello?
Freaky.
Look at this. It's fucked!
Nothing. Nothing.
Hey, did you find anything to eat?
They took all my Power-bars.
No. No. Sorry.
Damn it. Scott and Carly took
all our frigging sunscreen.
Does he have any good CD's?
Mmm-mmm.
[RUSTLING] Definitely not.
You know, I think this guy
must be some kind of doctor.
Maybe we could get him to write us
some prescriptions when he gets back.
[SIGHS]
He doesn't have any
smokes, either.
Almost out.
Evan?
Evan? Where are you?
Hey, baby, what are you doing?
I'm just amusing myself.
You getting anything
there, chatty?
No, nothing.
I'm gonna miss this thing.
Why didn't you just fly?
I put all of my money
into that car back there.
[SCOTT] Okay, forget eloping,
but there is an idea
I think we should discuss about
the band for our wedding.
I think we should hire, you know, a Frank
Sinatra-type lead singer for the band
as opposed to a James
Brown-type lead singer,
because, you know, really, let's be
honest, there's only one James Brown,
and, you know, a faux James Brown
is really quite intolerable.
Evan? Where are you?
You pissing or something?
Evan?
[RUSTLING]
You know, plus he'd be grinding his
hips, and my grandmother would be,
yes, revolted
but also strangely fascinated
in a completely
disturbing way and...
Baby?
Carly, I was kidding.
Carly?
[BIRD CAWS]
[FRANCINE] Evan?
[FLIES BUZZING]
[WHIMPERING]
[GASPING]
[SCREAMING]
Sweetheart? Hey, guys, hold up!
Guys, hold up for
a second, all right?
Baby, seriously,
this isn't funny.
[LAUGHING] Jesus. God! Baby!
Oh! I'm so sorry.
I could've killed you, woman.
I'm extremely dangerous.
You wanna know why
I love you so much?
Because you're so
fun to play with.
Is that why you love me?
That really scared me, baby.
I'm sorry.
That really scared me.
Would you not do that?
[CHRIS ECHOING] Hello!
Hello!
There's nothing like
stating the obvious, huh?
[LAUGHING]
Hey, baby, look at this.
[WHOOPING]
Hey, Carly, I think this
would be a good time
for you to confront
your fear of heights!
[EARLY] Don't!
Okay, that is not funny.
Look who's scared now.
Sorry. Whatever.
Just get me to a motel room,
run me a very hot bath,
and be prepared to provide
me with a lot of orgasms.
I think they need to be alone.
What do you expect?
They just got engaged.
They're happy.
It's a hard thing to find.
Yeah.
Got it? Limber tongue. Got it.
You're stupid.
[JESSIE] Maybe we shouldn't
have left Francine and Evan.
[CHRIS] Don't worry.
They're fine.
You guys okay? [SCOTT] Super.
[JESSIE] Well, wait, guys.
This road isn't on here.
[CARLY] That's because you don't
have the Redneck World Atlas.
[EXCLAIMING]
[SCOTT] I think we've just
been saved, kids.
[WHOOPING] Can I get a...
[SCOTT LAUGHS]
Make this quick.
[SCOTT] Actually, maybe
we should keep walking.
[CARLY] What? The next house is
gonna have a white picket fence?
Yeah, if there is a next house.
Hey. What?
Hello?
All right, this isn't right.
Hello? Anybody home?
[CHIMES RINGING]
Baby, could you...
Hey, hey, what are you doing?
I was gonna see if they had a phone. You
guys can wait out here if you want.
You can't just go barging into
someone's house like that.
Yeah, 'cause, you know,
I'm just thinking,
West Virginia, trespassing,
not a great combination.
Look, I need to pee.
Well, I need to remind you of a
little movie called Deliverance.
Guys, we got two wrecked cars. I
mean, we really need a phone.
Hello?
Carly.
[FLIES BUZZING]
[SCOTT] What the fuck?
[JESSIE] Let's just do what we
gotta do and get out of here.
[CARLY] Hey, I am not
sensing a phone here.
Hello!
Okay, who lives here?
[CARLY] I don't know, but can
you help me find a bathroom?
Baby, I think this
is the bathroom.
[SIGHS]
[SCOTT] [GROANS] Fuck.
[CHRIS] Oh, my God.
Look at this place.
[SCOTT] Seriously, guys,
I think we should go.
[CARLY] Okay, just help me find
the bathroom. Then we'll go.
Baby, what if this place
belongs to some kind of cult?
Actually, I read in Newsweek how
economically-depressed places
are like breeding grounds for all
kinds of apocalyptic visionaries.
Order of the Solar Temple,
Jambalaya,
Church of the Lamb of God,
the Chijon Family.
Remember them? Not nice people.
Hey, brainiac!
[SHUSHING]
All right. Maybe that door.
[CARLY EXCLAIMS]
[SCOTT] Jesus Christ!
[CARLY] You're fine.
[CHRIS] You okay?
It's just a paddle.
It's all right.
[CARLY] Whoa!
God, look at this place.
Yeah. It's like the
garage sale from hell.
[CARLY] Jesus.
[MUSIC BOX PLAYING]
[CARLY] Can you believe this?
[SCOTT] Jesus, these guys
are ripping people off.
[JESSIE] Chris. Mmm-hmm.
I think we should leave.
[SCOTT] This is kind of
creepy, actually.
Yeah, this is it.
Okay. Be quick.
Okay.
All right? Two minutes.
All right? I'll be here.
[SIGHS]
[MOTOR RUNNING]
[FLIES BUZZING]
[GROANS]
[CARLY] Ew!
[MOTOR STOPS]
[JESSIE] Guys, guys,
check this out.
Oh, no.
Oh, God. Oh, God. Scott. Scott!
[GASPS]
Scott, we have to go now!
Jess! Jessie! Jess!
[JESSIE] Hey!
Guys, what is it?
We need to get back
to your friends.
What about a phone?
There is no phone.
[SCOTT] Shit!
[CHRIS] There's a back door.
I saw a back door. Come on.
Go! [JESSIE] Go, go!
Okay, hurry. Shit!
[CARLY] Shit! No!
[GRUNTING]
Scott! Scott! It's not
gonna budge! Come on!
[MEN MUTTERING]
[MAN BREATHING HEAVILY]
[MAN MUTTERING]
[STIFLED WHIMPERING]
[WHIMPERING]
[MAN GRUNTING]
[MOANING]
[FLIES BUZZING]
[CLATTERING]
[WHIMPERING]
[MAN LAUGHING MANIACALLY]
[FLIES BUZZING]
[MAN SNORING]
[MAN WHEEZING]
[JESSIE GASPS]
[SNORING CONTINUES]
[CLATTERING]
[GASPS]
[FLIES BUZZING]
[SNORING]
Go.
[MOUTHING]
Go! Go!
Go! Go! Go, baby! Go! Go!
Go, you guys! Run!
[SCOTT] Go quickly. Come on.
Come on! Come on!
[TRUCK ENGINE STARTING]
[GASPS]
[MEN WHOOPING]
[POUNDING]
Where are they going?
I don't know.
Jesus, did that
really just happen?
Do you think Evan's okay?
[CARLY GROANS]
Baby.
[CRYING] I can't. I can't.
Carly, come on! Get up!
You didn't see what
they did to Francine.
You didn't see what we saw!
Carly! Carly! Carly! Sweet pea!
Look at me. We are gonna get
out of this, I swear to you.
We are. Okay? We're gonna find a road.
We're gonna get to a town.
And we're going home. We're
gonna get married. All right?
And we are never
going into the woods again.
All right?
[CHRIS] We gotta go.
Come on. This way!
Let's go! Come on!
What is this?
[CHRIS] Jesus.
All these people.
Baby. Fuck.
[CARLY] How can they do this?
I don't understand.
How'd they get away with this?
Oh, my God. All these people.
[CHRIS] Maybe one of them still runs.
Look for keys.
[SCOTT] None of these
cars are gonna run.
Come on. Look at them. Oh, fuck.
[TRUCK APPROACHING]
Get down! Get down!
[SCOTT] Oh, shit.
[CARLY] What?
[LAUGHING MANIACALLY]
[SNIFFING]
What do we do?
They left their truck running.
[JESSIE] SO?
We gotta take it.
[JESSIE] How are we
supposed to do that?
One of us leads them
in the wrong direction
and the rest commandeer the truck
so they'll run for the runner.
It's a classic military move.
[JESSIE] Who goes? Me.
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Over here!
[GROANS]
[WHOOPING]
[GRUNTING]
[SCOTT] Oh, shit.
Oh, God. Oh, God.
[MAN LAUGHING] Go!
Listen, help him get to the truck.
I'll meet you there.
I love you. I love you.
Fuckers!
Ass hole mother fuckers!
Ass holes!
[BOTH GASPING]
[SHUSHING] He's okay.
[LAUGHING MANIACALLY]
[GRUNTS]
Come on.
Here, here. You're okay.
[CHRIS] Go ahead. Go, go, go.
Go to the truck.
[SCREAMING]
Go. Come on. We gotta go.
We gotta go. Come on! I can't!
I can't! Come on!
[JESSIE] Carly, get in!
[GUNSHOT]
[LAUGHING MANIACALLY]
[GUNSHOTS CONTINUE]
We gotta find Scott!
We have to find Scott!
[PANTING]
Where is he? Where is he?
There he is! There he is!
There he is! Scott!
Run, Scott!
We're over here! Scott!
[JESSIE] Scott! Come on!
Scott, let's go!
[JESSIE] Come on!
[CARLY] Come on!
[GASPS]
Come on, Scott! Scott!
[CHRIS] Let's go!
Scott, come on! Come on, Scott!
[WHOOSHING]
[CARLY] Come on, Scott! Scott!
Scott! What are you doing?
Scott, what's wrong? Scott!
Scott!
Scott! No!
[GASPING]
No!
Let go of me! Let me go!
Scott!
[CRYING] No!
Drive! Drive!
No! Drive!
[MAN WHOOPING]
[CRYING]
Oh, God!
What's happening?
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
[LAUGHING]
[CRYING] Oh, God,
what's happening?
Jess, please, can
we go back? Please.
Carly, we have to
keep going. Okay?
Scott.
[JESSIE] Are you sure this
is the road from that map?
[CHRIS] It's gotta go somewhere.
This better get us out of here.
[CHRIS] Shit.
Shit. Come on.
[GRUNTS]
[CHRIS] Back it up.
[JESSIE] Come on!
It's not gonna go any farther.
Come on. Let's get out.
Damn it.
We gotta find out where we are.
The highest ridge
is up there. Come on.
What's the point? They're
gonna find us anyway.
Come on. Let's go, Carly.
No. If he's going, I'm not.
He got us into this.
Carly, look at me, okay?
Scott died protecting us.
We need to keep ourselves alive,
or it was for nothing. Okay?
We're all in this
together, Carl.
Come on.
[CRYING] I want him back.
I know, I know.
[GRUNTING]
Carl, look at me. Okay? Look.
We're gonna stay alive.
We're gonna get out of this.
We're gonna get out of these
woods, find the police,
and we're gonna make sure those
mother fucks are punished for this. Okay?
Carly.
Come on, Carly. You can do it.
It's gonna get dark soon.
Come on.
We need to find that road quick.
I know.
[GRUNTING]
[JESSIE] Just a
little bit farther.
[JESSIE SCREAMS]
[JESSIE] Chris!
It's a bear trap.
[LAUGHING]
[LAUGHTER ECHOING]
[GRUNTING]
What's up?
I gotta rest.
[GRUNTS]
[CARLY] Hey, guys-
Look.
Oh, my God.
It's a watchtower.
[SHUSHING] Hello!
Is anyone up there?
I don't think anyone's up there.
Doesn't matter.
It may have a phone or a radio.
Maybe we can see the road.
You Okay?
[GRUNTING]
Come on.
Guys, I don't see any
roads or towns out there.
Let's not stand by the window.
They might see us.
Hey. We're all gonna die.
Carly, I need you to come
help me look around, please.
[JESSIE] Hey, Chris.
Jess. Thanks
[GROANING]
Oh, my God. It's a radio.
[CHRIS] Thing looks prehistoric.
Do you know how to use this?
Let me try.
[CARLY] It could still work.
[CHRIS] Don't move anything.
Just keep it on the
frequency they had it on.
Can anybody hear me? We have an emergency.
Can anybody hear me?
"Mayday-ll."
Look, we have a huge emergency.
Please, does anybody hear me?
Someone is injured.
We need help.
Hello.
Please, is anybody out there
that can hear me? Hello.
No.
Get down. Cover the light.
[SHUSHING]
[WHISPERING]
I think they're passing us.
[FEEDBACK SCREECHING]
[GRUNTING]
[MAN ON RADIO] This is Ranger
Base Emergency. Do you copy?
What is your position? Over.
Do you copy?
[SHUSHING] I don't know my position.
Just help us.
[MAN ON RADIO] I need another copy of
that. I repeat, what is your position?
They're coming.
[GRUNTING]
We don't know our position.
We're in a watchtower.
We must be north of
Bear Mountain Road.
Someone is trying
to kill us! Please!
They've murdered our friends.
They're after us right now.
MAN ON RADIO: I'm having
some trouble hearing you.
If you're in the tower,
stay up there. Do you copy?
Yes, yes, we copy! Just hurry, please!
This is an emergency!
Help me move this.
Come on! Come on!
We'll come to you. Do you copy?
They're after us!
Someone's been shot!
Our friends have been killed,
and we need help! Please!
Fuck!
[CARLY SCREAMS]
[MAN SCREAMING]
What are they doing?
I don't know.
I think they're going down.
Jess.
Hello? Hello? Is anybody there?
Can you hear us? Hello?
[MAN LAUGHING MANIACALLY]
[CARLY] Jesus,
what are they doing?
We're on fire.
They're trying to burn us out.
Oh, my God.
[CHRIS] Carly!
[CHRIS] Come here.
Let go of me! Let go!
I'd rather jump
than burn to death!
[CARLY SOBBING]
[JESSIE] Calm down.
You're right.
What? She's right.
We have to jump. Those branches
are only a few feet down.
That's more like 20 feet.
Look, Jessie, I don't
want to burn to death,
and I don't want to be
chopped up into pieces.
We can do this. I'll go first.
[JESSIE] Chris. Hey.
[GRUNTING]
[GLASS BREAKING]
Chris! Chris!
[SCREAMS]
Help! Chris.
[GRUNTING]
[PANTING]
You Okay?
Do you think they saw us?
I don't know.
[GASPS]
[WHISPERING]
We gotta move. Come on.
Shit. Shit.
[MAN SHOUTING]
Carly, come on.
[MAN CONTINUES SHOUTING]
[GRUNTING]
[GASPS]
I can do this. I can do this.
I can do this.
I can... I can do this.
[SCREAMS]
[STIFLED SOBBING]
[BODY THUDDING]
[CLICKING TONGUE]
Come on. Come on.
All right.
[MAN SHOUTING]
He's coming.
I know. I have a plan. Come on.
[MEN WHOOPING]
Jessie, this way.
[GRUNTING]
Can you hold this? Why?
'Cause we're gonna knock this fucker
out of the tree. Can you hold it?
Yeah.
All right. Don't let go
until I say so. Okay?
Where are you going?
I'm gonna make sure
he comes this way.
No. You can't move
as quick as I can.
Jessie. Jessie.
I'm right here! Come and get me!
Where are you?
Here I am!
[GASPS]
[MAN LAUGHING]
[GRUNTING]
[GASPS]
[BLADE SCRAPING]
[CLICKING TONGUE]
Hey!
[SCREAMING]
[MEN MUTTERING]
[YELLING]
Sorry about your friends.
Last Friday I came home, and
there's a message on my machine
from my boyfriend, who says that
we shouldn't be together anymore.
Within 20 minutes
of me telling Carly,
she had Scott and
Evan and Francine
all blowing off work this
week to take me out here.
That's just the kind
of friends they were.
And now they're dead.
It's not your fault.
It's not.
[SOBBING]
They're here.
[PANTING]
No, they're not.
You were dreaming.
I Wish.
How's your leg? It hurts.
Which is good.
If it didn't hurt... Road.
What? Road. Look.
We gotta get down there.
Take that slope right there.
I can't believe it.
How are we gonna get you down?
I'll get down...
Chris! Go!
[YELLING]
Chris! No! Chris! No!
Chris! Chris!
Chris! Chris! Get off of me!
[JESSIE SCREAMING] Jessie!
Jessie!
Hey, stop! Oh, thank God.
Are you crazy?
They took her. Come on. We gotta...
Calm down.
Just calm down. We gotta move.
Are you one of them folks who
called me from the fire tower?
I've been looking for you.
Will you shut up and listen?
People are dead.
Dead? What people?
[GASPS]
[SNIFFING]
[ENGINE STARTING]
[JESSIE SCREAMING]
No!
No.
Mmm.
Help me, please.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. Yeah?
Can you help me?
Please help me.
[SOBBING] No!
No!
[CAR APPROACHING]
[JESSIE SCREAMING]
[SOBBING]
Somebody, help me!
No!
[GRUNTING]
[CRYING]
[MUTTERING]
Help me.
[GRUNTING]
[YELLING]
[EXCLAIMING]
You're okay. Come on.
Just stay with me. You're all right.
Come on. It's okay.
Keep looking at me.
All right? You're okay.
Thank you.
Shh. Everything's okay.
Chris!
[GRUNTING]
[CHOKING]
[YELLING]
Chris!
[GROANS]
[TITTERING]
[LAUGHING]
[CHOKING]
[YELLS]
[MAN WHEEZING]
Chris.
[GROANING]
[SCREAMING]
Get the fuck off of me!
Shoot them.
I only got one shot left.
Come on, you mother fuckers.
Just die.
[INDISTINCT CHATTERING
ON RADIO]
[YELLING]
[MAN LAUGHING MANIACALLY]
[WISH I MAY PLAYING]
[SINGING] Shoves me
under you again
I can't wait for this to end.
Sober, empty in the head
I know I can never win.
Why should I have to wait?
Or I'll just look the other way.
We left this land
of shiny lights
I wish I may, I wish I might.
When all these dreams
have come to end.
You wish you were
You're not my friend.
Oh.
We left this land
of shiny lights
I wish I may, I wish I might.
When all these dreams
have come to end.
You wish you were
You're not my friend.
You said you'd love
to see the end.
The long, hard road
that I have been.
When all these dreams
have come to end.
You wish you were
You're not my friend.
Bright.
Eyes.
Shine.
Through